Updates for mc RELEASE.2024-06-20T14-50-54Z (#1279)
minio/docs: source/administration/server-side-encryption/server-side-encryption-sse-kms.rst

.. |KMS| replace:: :abbr:`KMS (Key Management Service)`
.. |KES| replace:: :abbr:`KES (Key Encryption Service)`

MinIO Server-Side Encryption (SSE) protects objects as part of write operations, allowing clients to take advantage of server processing power to secure objects at the storage layer (encryption-at-rest). 
SSE also provides key functionality to regulatory and compliance requirements around secure locking and erasure.

MinIO SSE uses the :kes-docs:`MinIO Key Encryption Service (KES) <>` and a :kes-docs:`supported external Key Management Service (KMS) <#supported-kms-targets>` for performing secured cryptographic operations at scale. 
MinIO also supports client-managed key management, where the application takes full responsibility for creating and managing encryption keys for use with MinIO SSE. 

> MinIO SSE-KMS en/decrypts objects using an External Key (EK) managed by a Key Management System (KMS). 

Reviewer: maybe expand this
```suggestion
MinIO SSE-KMS encrypts or decrypts objects using an External Key (EK) managed by a Key Management System (KMS). 
```

  instructions on downloading and installing ``mc``.

- Install :kes-docs:`MinIO Key Encryption Service (KES) <>` on a machine with internet access. 
  See the ``kes`` :kes-docs:`Getting Started <tutorials/getting-started/>` guide for instructions on downloading, installing, and configuring KES.

> 1) Create an Encryption Key for SSE-KMS Encryption

Reviewer 2: Note that we do need to flop over to API keys at some point.

Author: Added #1280 to track that needed work.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Use the :kes-docs:`kes <cli/>` command line tool to create a new External Key (EK) for use with SSE-KMS Encryption.

> Issue the following command to retrieve the root :kes-docs:`identity <concepts/#authorization>` for the ``play`` KES server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following command retrieves the root :kes-docs:`identity <concepts/#authorization>` for the ``play`` KES server:
```

Author: Yeah, I like that better. Thanks!

   :width: 100%

   * - ``KES_CLIENT_KEY``
     - The private key for an :kes-docs:`identity <concepts/#authorization>` on the KES server.
       The identity must grant access to at minimum the ``/v1/create``, ``/v1/generate``, and ``/v1/list`` :kes-docs:`API endpoints <concepts/server-api/>`. 
       This step uses the ``root`` identity for the MinIO ``play`` KES sandbox, which provides access to all operations on the KES server.

   * - ``KES_CLIENT_CERT``
     - The corresponding certificate for the :kes-docs:`identity <concepts/#authorization>` on the KES server.
       This step uses the ``root`` identity for the MinIO ``play`` KES sandbox, which provides access to all operations on the KES server.

> Issue the following command to create a new |EK| through KES.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following command creates a new |EK| through KES.
```
